- Now more than ever, you hear about the importance of STEM education and the need for qualified computer programmers. Maybe you even know someone who's started learning to code. Or perhaps you've heard about how programming can be a rewarding, lucrative career. Whatever the reason, this course is designed for you, someone who's curious to pull back the curtains and explore the world of computer programming. I'll walk you through your first line of code, explain the core concepts needed to write useful programs, and take a peek at several programming languages along the way. I'm Annyce Davis, and I've worked in the software industry for over a decade, and programming is one of my favorite things to do. I also love to share what I know with others, so I'm really excited to help you master the fundamentals of programming here, on LinkedIn Learning.
- Throughout the course I'll be using a Mac computer but it's not a requirement that you do the same. You can follow along using Windows or Linux as well. Just make sure you feel comfortable downloading software and working with the file system. But don't worry, I'll walk you through every step. This course comes with exercise files. You can download them and store it on your Desktop, like you see here. The Exercise Files folder is broken into various chapters. Each chapter corresponds to a chapter of the course. Inside each directory you will find files that map to the video. For example, if you wanted to look for the third video from chapter four, you'd come to the chapter four folder and look for 04_03. If you see files that end in _begin, this is the state of the file at the beginning of the video, whereas if you see _end, this is the state of the file at the end of the video. But notice, 04_02 and 04_06, they don't have any _begin or _end. That's because the code contained in these files are just for reference. We're not going to make any changes to those. This makes it easier for you to compare the beginning and ending states of our file changes. Keep in mind though, not all videos will have exercise files. But don't worry, I'll make sure to call out which file we're working with as we go throughout the course.
